schema/reference.md: remmove reference to contracts.relatedProcesses (#1721)
open-contracting/standard: docs/schema/reference.md

### RelatedProcess

A `RelatedProcess` is defined as:

```{field-description} ../../build/current_lang/release-schema.json /definitions/RelatedProcess
```

> The [Related Process](codelists.md#related-process) codelist defines the possible types of relationship. Contracting processes should refer to related processes using the code in the codelist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Related Process](codelists.md#related-process) codelist defines the possible types of relationship. Contracting processes should refer to related processes using the codes in the codelist.
```

> As well as providing this machine-readable link between processes, publishers may also provide links to human-readable documentation in the relevant `documents` blocks. For example, when a contracting process refers to a planning process, a link to the procurement plan can be provided in `tender/documents`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As well as providing a machine-readable link between processes, publishers may also provide links to human-readable documentation in the relevant `documents` array. For example, when a contracting process refers to a planning process, a link to the procurement plan can be provided in `tender/documents`.
```
